    COMPUNET TODAY :  21st MARCH 1990

 Today, Compunet spoke directly to  Graham
Hurbert , Sales and Marketing Director of
the  Midland Bank Network Service , (the
company who run Fastrak).

He has 'assured' Compunet that we WILL
be able to resume proper network access
via Fastrak by early afternoon tomorrow.
The best we can say to that is 'We'll
wait and see'! So far, Fastrak haven't
proved to be too hot when it comes to
keeping promises though we do sympothise
with them as we are a very different
proposition to their normal customers.

We now know some of the reasons why we
were 'locked out' on Sunday. Because of
a new Security routine on Fastrak's
Service Selector  we were automatically
cut off when we had too many failed
attempts at logging on. Ofcourse there
were dozens of failed attempts over the
Weekend.

Although this shouldn't happen again, I
need to ask you NOT to try to logon
to Fastrak tomorrow until you have first
been on this system. It would do us no
good if your fix needs to be changed,
and because you have the wrong fix, you
cause their Selector to lock us all out
again. As I say, this shouldn't happen
again, but we are not sure that even
Fastrak know this for sure.

We now also know that we were the first
system to use this new Service Selector
system on their network, to their horror
(not to mention ours), it didn't work!

So, once again I must apologise for
THEIR delay.


 ISTEL AT THE HIGH COURT.

 Istel , (the network who pulled the plug
on Compunet last December) were in court
today in an attempt to make Compunet pay
up to the tune of 31, 0  pound forr
money they claim we owe them.

This claim was turned down by the
High Court and the ISTEL/COMPUNET case
has been adjourned until a later date.

In turn, Compunet are also sueing Istel,
our claim being that they did not
provide the service offered in their
contract. We are also claiming for poor
reliability and the long delay in
receiving 1200/1200 access. A number of
Subscribers have signed Affidavits
giving their account of the Istel
developments over the past 3 years.

   DRAL 
